Um, the variables are scoped.
Uh, next, lambda expressions, um...
you don't...
have to use this.
But, um, you're gonna see this quite often in many of your code. That's why I find
I feel the need to cover this as well.
Um, lambda expressions, um, are basically the same as functions.
Or more like anonymous function.
So if you have this function, for example,
You can write it in a single line,
by writing it like this.
So, these two are the same.
The multiply function here, and the multiply lambda
function here, these are the same.
Okay-
Um, they are helpful for creating quick functions that are not needed later in your code.
So, if you only want to use this function once,
Well, you... that means you don't need to store it in a variable, right- You can just...
use this part right away.
And inside, um, inside your RAM, it's just gonna be used once, and it's gonna be removed.
And this is, um, this can be useful for higher order functions, or functions that take other functions.
his argument. What does that mean-
So, um, this is an example of a function that
that uses other function as an argument.
Let's actually copy this code.
Okay, I'm gonna also need to copy...
Okay, so let's say you have these two
lists, and you want to create...
Um...
you want to create a, uh...
Um, another list, that is the multiplication of those
of each of those
two values. So the first one is gonna be 1 times 10, that's gonna be 10, and 2 times 20 is gonna be
40, uh, etc.
You can do it like this, um...
like, using the map function.
And then converting the map
into a list.
And you pass this function,
So, notice here that the first argument
of this... of this mapped function.
is a function, okay-
I'll say that again. The argument of the...
The first argument of the map function is a function.
Okay- And the next two...
Here are the...
arguments that are gonna be passed into.
this function. So this is... this is kind of similar to, like,
Running multiply,
Uh, with all of the...
with each of the X valves.
as the first... first argument,
at each of the Y files as the second argument.
And the result is going to be as expected here.
Now, in this case,
Um, you use the function, the lambda function that you created here, right-
But, uh, you...
let's say you don't ever need, and you usually don't need to use this function again.
then you can... you can pass a lambda function directly.
like this. And this was gonna work all the same.
Okay-
Yeah, so another quiz-
And in...
Yeah, yeah, go ahead.
Sorry, quick question. So, if you didn't put lambda, that means
Once you change that, the values keep changing. It doesn't remember
If you didn't put lambda
Mm-hmm. Like this one-
If you change any of the X value, yeah, if you tweak any of them
That means it should keep changing.
Yes, exactly.
Well, Lambda just remembers it won't. Okay.
There, there we go, right-
So, lambda, it only remembers... remembers the function.
the function operation.
You can change the values.
And you can imagine how this can get really powerful, right- Because you can... you can use any values, you can create a function, and that work, uh, that function is gonna work
For, like, any kind of values.
You can expand it further.
So, um, in this code...
Um, this quiz, um, you...
You're definitely gonna need to... to...
to write this in your workspace. This is a good experiment.
And, uh,
And, uh, as the name suggests, it has a...
Uh, it has a few intricacies here.
a lambda trap. There is some sort of...
devious strap here.
Okay, so what will this code print-
So you have a...
Um, you have a, um...
a variable, a list called funks.
Alright-
Okay, so, uh, let's try running this code.
So, in this case, uh...
I'm gonna show you what Funks is gonna be.
So, notice here that a function... the funcs variable
Is it going to be consisting of...
multiple lambdas...
lambda functions.
And you can call.
let's say, for example, we... we run, um...
Zero-
It's gonna call the first lambda function, right-
not call, it's gonna...
show. It's gonna print the first lambda function. And we can call that lambda function.
Like this.
Okay, it prints out 3.
And interestingly,
prints out, like, um, 3 for all of the values.
And the reason for that, because, like,
Um, and this is...
how it's gonna differ from...
Um, if you print out a list directly.
So something like this, for example.
It's gonna print 1 to 3, but in this case, all of those are gonna be 3.
Because, like, um...
the loop.
Here, um, is going to keep running until it reaches 3, right-
Whereas, uh, lambda X here,
It doesn't actually store, um...
It doesn't store the previous X values. It only stores...
X as a reference.
Okay- And...
The variable X
Its value is gonna keep changing, right- Until it reaches 3.
So the last X value is 3, and that is what's going to be used in... by... by this...
by any lambda function.
Okay, but any lambda function that is created
Um, in this scope.
That's the reason why it prints out 3.
on all of those three functions.
What does this mean to you- Um, this means, like, um...
when you're working with Lambda functions and...
when you're... when you're calling...
lambda functions in a loop. Just be careful on, like, how they interact.
Because, like, um, the... the values within those lambda functions are not stored within.